# MSP-time-tag
School project designed for Texas Instruments MSP430FR6989 microcontroller. The project was coded in assembly language completly.

The MSP430 when loaded with the program will initialize the LCD screen presenting Team04. When in this screen, pressing the s1 button will rotate through each team members name until returning to the team04 display. This can be done an unlimited amount of times. When the LCD is displaying team04, pressing s2 will trigger a countdown mode and the LCD will present a 30:00 second timer. pressing S1 will trigger the coundown and each second that pases by, a heart display will invert its state. While counting down, pressing the s2 button will invert the state of the green LED which can be found in P9.7 of the MSP. When the countdown reaches 00:00, it will remain in that state until s1 is pressed again. Pressing s1 will show CLICK1 in the LCD screen, pressing s1 again will display the first moment during the countdown that the green LED was inverted. ( Example: the first time s2 was pressed and the LED was inverted was when the 30 second countdown was displaying 23:45, then after CLICK1 pressing s1 again will display 23:45 ). When pressing s1 again it will show CLICKN where N represents the last click which can be any value from 0-9 ( clicks after 9 are not recorded due to LCD display limitations ). Then if 5 clicks were done, the number displayed at the moment the 5th click was done will be recorded ( exmaple: 12:20 ). Pressing s1 again will show DIFF in the LCD display, this will show the time difference between the 1st click and the Nth click ( example: 1st click (23:45) - 5th click (12:20) = 11.25 seconds ). After this last displayed is shown, the program resests itself to the default state.

All of this was implemeted using subroutines and ISR. Register R6 functioned as a state machine in order to define at what state the program was in order to assign the corrects functions to the buttons. 
